PR for SRVCOM-3999: Add a new “Integrating Service Mesh 3.x with OpenShift Serverless" section in the serverless docs (#101668)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-ossm-installing-and-configuring-openshift-serverless.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-ossm-installing-and-configuring-openshift-serverless_{context}"]
= Installing and configuring {ServerlessProductShortName}

[role="_abstract"]
After installing {SMProductShortName}, you need to install {ServerlessProductShortName} with a specific configuration.

> .Procedure

Author: Added

metadata:
  name: knative-eventing
  namespace: knative-eventing
  annotations:
    serverless.openshift.io/disable-istio-net-policies-generation: "true"
spec:
  config:
    features:
      istio: enabled  # <1>
  workloads:  # <2>
    - name: pingsource-mt-adapter
      labels:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
      annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"

    - name: imc-dispatcher
      labels:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
      annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"

    - name: mt-broker-ingress
      labels:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
      annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"

    - name: mt-broker-filter
      labels:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
      annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"

    - name: job-sink
      labels:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
      annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"
----
<1> Enable Eventing Istio controller to create a `DestinationRule` for each `InMemoryChannel` or `KafkaChannel` service.

> <2> Enable sidecar injection for Knative Eventing pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `spec.config.features.istio` enables Eventing Istio controller to create a `DestinationRule` for each `InMemoryChannel` or `KafkaChannel` service.
* `spec.workload` enables sidecar injection for Knative Eventing pods.
```
Refining this to follow the new style of [writing commands in code blocks](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#explain-commands-variables-in-code-blocks).
